W-21352769 agent fabric updates vh (#388)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/learning-map-agent-fabric.adoc

Visualize your agent network and monitor performance and behavior.

- xref:agent-visualizer::index.adoc[Visualize Your Agent Network in Agent Visualizer]
- xref:monitoring::anypoint-insights-agentic.adoc[View Agent Metrics in Anypoint Monitoring]

> - xref:monitoring::logs-us-eu.adoc#search-agentic[View Logs for Agentic Assetsin Anypoint Monitoring]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:monitoring::logs-us-eu.adoc#search-agentic[View Logs for Agentic Assets in Anypoint Monitoring]
```
